Andrew Aird High (November 21, 1897 – February 22, 1981) was an American 
professional baseball player, scout, coach and manager. Born in Ava, Illinois, 
he played third base in the Major Leagues for 13 seasons (1922 through 
1934) for the Brooklyn Robins, St. Louis Cardinals, Cincinnati Reds, Boston 
Braves and Philadelphia Phillies. High was relatively small for a third 
baseman, at 5 feet 6 inches (1.68 m) tall and 155 pounds (70 kg). He batted 
left-handed and threw right-handed. His brothers Hugh and Charlie also 
played in the big leagues. Andy High appeared in 1,314 games played in 
the Majors and made 1,250 hits, including 195 doubles, 65 triples and 44 
home runs. In his best season, 1924 with Brooklyn, High collected 191 hits 
and batted .328. He was a member of three National League champions as 
a St. Louis Cardinal, in 1928, 1930 and 1931. In 34 World Series at bats, 
High collected ten hits, batting .294. In the decisive Game 7 of the 1931 
World Series, High, batting leadoff, had three hits in four at bats and 
ignited a pair of two-run rallies, scoring twice and helping the Redbirds 
build a 4–0 lead;[1] their foes, the defending world champion Philadelphia 
Athletics, could not recover, and St. Louis won the world title. High was 
later a player/manager in the minor leagues from 1934–36. He coached for 
the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1937–38 and then became a scout and, eventually, 
director of scouting for the Dodgers until his retirement in 1963. During 
his quarter-century scouting career, the Dodgers won nine NL pennants in 
