The Lake Elsinore Storm is a minor league baseball team in Lake Elsinore, 
California, United States. It is a Class A – Advanced team in the California 
League, and is a farm team of the San Diego Padres. The Storm plays its 
home games at Lake Elsinore Diamond (Pete Lehr Field), which opened in 
1994; the park seats 7,866 fans. This team relocated three times and has 
been traced back to the Redwood Pioneers, then the Palm Springs Angels, 
and finally the Lake Elsinore Storm. As the Palm Springs Angels and later 
as the Storm, it had previously been the "high-A" affiliate of the Angels 
until the end of the 2000 season (along with their former mascot, Hamlet), 
when it and the Rancho Cucamonga Quakes switched affiliations. Some former 
members of the Storm later became members of the Angels 2002 World Series 
championship team. On May 18, 2007, the Storm set a league record for most 
lopsided victory, beating the Lancaster JetHawks by a 30–0 score.[1] Since 
the 2004 opening of Petco Park, the new home field of the Padres, the Storm 
has played one home game there toward the end of each season, as the second 
half of a doubleheader following a Padres daytime home game. Usually, its 
opponent has been the California League farm team of the Padres' same-day 
opponents. Pitchers Catchers Infielders Outfielders Manager Coaches 7-day 
disabled list * On San Diego Padres 40-man roster # Rehab assignment ∞ 
Reserve list ‡ Restricted list § Suspended list † Temporary inactive list 
Roster updated April 22, 2015 Transactions → More MiLB rosters → San Diego 
