The Arizona Diamondbacks are a Major League Baseball (MLB) franchise based 
in Phoenix, Arizona. They play in the National League West division. The 
first game of the new baseball season for a team is played on Opening Day, 
and being named the Opening Day starter is an honor, which is often given 
to the player who is expected to lead the pitching staff that season,[1] 
though there are various strategic reasons why a team's best pitcher might 
not start on Opening Day.[2] The Diamondbacks have used seven different 
Opening Day starting pitchers in their 17 seasons. The seven starters have 
a combined Opening Day record of seven wins, five losses (7–5), and five no 
decisions.[3][4] No decisions are only awarded to the starting pitcher 
if the game is won or lost after the starting pitcher has left the game. 
Randy Johnson holds the Diamondbacks' record for most Opening Day starts 
with six, and has an Opening Day record of 3–2. Brandon Webb started four 
Opening Days, and Ian Kennedy has been the Opening Day starter thrice.[3] 
Andy Benes, Javier Vázquez, Dan Haren, and Wade Miley have started one 
Opening Day each.[3] Kennedy has the best winning percentage as the Opening 
Day starting pitcher with a record of 2–0.[3][5] Benes, Vázquez, and Miley 
are tied for the worst Opening Day record, at 0–1.[3] Webb is Arizona's 
only pitcher with multiple no-decisions on Opening Day (three), and Johnson 
is the only pitcher to have won three or more opening games.[3] Overall, 
the Diamondbacks have a record of 6–5 at home on Opening Day, compared 
to a 4–2 record at away games.[3] The Diamondbacks went on to play in the 
National League Division Series (NLDS) playoff games in 1999, 2001, 2002, 
2007 and 2011, winning the National League Championship Series and World 
