orange black white                Home Away The Naranjas de Villa Clara 
(Villa Clara Oranges) is a baseball club that plays in the Cuban National 
Series. Based in Santa Clara, the Naranjas have been one of the league's 
most successful Cuban squads over the last 30 years; winning championships 
in 1983, as well as three-year run from 1993 to 1995. They also lost the 
1996, 2003, 2004 and 2010 finals to the Industriales. Orange, white and 
black are their colors; although they have three different colors, the 
orange is what represents them, even though teams like Sancti Spíritus 
Gallos also wore orange uniforms. Eight Villa Clara's players have been 
members of the Cuba national baseball team in the World Baseball Classic. 
Ariel Borrero, Luis Borroto, Eduardo Paret and Ariel Pestano were on the 
roster in the 2006 tournament, while Leonys Martín, Eduardo Paret, Yolexis 
Ulacia and Pestano were in 2009. Villa Clara was known as the Azucareros 
(sugar-makers) when Ciego de Ávila, Cienfuegos, Sancti Spíritus and Villa 
Clara were all represented by a single team. The name Azucareros was to 
represent the workers of all sugar mills in Cuba. Under this name, the 
team won three championships in 1969, 1971 and 1972. After the separation 
of the teams, the Villa Clara club was known as La Naranja Mecánica (The 
Clockwork Orange) or Las Naranjas Explosivas (The Explosive Oranges) which 
are other nicknames, but not official. With the Naranjas moniker, Villa 
Clara won the National Series in 1983, led by Eduardo Martín Saura, and 
three consecutive years from 1993 through 1995 guided by Pedro Jova. On 
June 18, 2013 Villa Clara defeated Matanzas by a score of 7–4, clinching 
their first league championship since the 1994–1995 season.[1] Several 
