The Ogden Raptors are a minor league baseball team in the Pioneer League 
based in Ogden, Utah, United States. The club plays at Lindquist Field, 
whose view beyond the outfield fence was named the best in professional 
baseball by a staff writer for Grand Slam Enterprises, INC.[1] The Raptors 
are one of six farm teams of the Los Angeles Dodgers. Milwaukee Brewers 
pitcher Ben Sheets, first baseman Prince Fielder, shortstop J. J. Hardy 
and third baseman Bill Hall formerly played for the Raptors. Hall of Famer 
Frank Robinson played for the Ogden Reds, a previous Ogden franchise in 
the Pioneer League. Also, Hall of Famer Tommy Lasorda managed the Ogden 
Dodgers to three consecutive Pioneer League titles from 1966–1968 and was 
present for the announcement that the Ogden franchise would again be an 
affiliate of the Los Angeles Dodgers. The Raptors' inaugural 1994 season 
is chronicled in the book Minor Players, Major Dreams (1997, University 
of Nebraska Press) by author-in-uniform Brett Mandel.[citation needed] 
During their second season of play, the Raptors set a league record for 
most runs scored in a single game, defeating the Helena Brewers 33–10 on 
August 27, 1995.[2] The official mascot of the Ogden Raptors minor league 
baseball team is Oggie. Oggie is a cartoon green velociraptor dinosaur 
who wears the white home uniform with a ? as the number. He is a regular 
part of Raptors home games and events. Prior to Ogden, the Raptors' franchise 
played in Pocatello, Idaho; Salt Lake City, Utah; and Calgary, Alberta. 
Pitchers Catchers Infielders Outfielders Manager Coaches 7-day disabled 
list * On Los Angeles Dodgers 40-man roster # Rehab assignment ∞ Reserve 
list ‡ Restricted list § Suspended list † Temporary inactive list Roster 
updated November 8, 2016 Transactions → More MiLB rosters → Los Angeles 
