Rey Francisco Guadalupe SÃ¡nchez (born October 5, 1967) is a former Major 
League Baseball infielder. He attended high school in California and was 
drafted in the 13th round of the 1986 amateur baseball draft by the Texas 
Rangers. He played in their minor league system until 1990, when he was 
traded to the Chicago Cubs for minor leaguer Bryan House. In 1991, he broke 
through to the majors, playing 13 games. He continued to play there, often 
on a regular basis until August 16, 1997, when he was traded to the New 
York Yankees for minor leaguer Frisco Parotte. He finished the season there, 
and then started to become a journeyman. He played (in order) in a season 
for the San Francisco Giants, two and a half seasons for the Kansas City 
Royals, 50 games for the Atlanta Braves, and a season for the Boston Red 
Sox. In 2003, he played 56 and 46 games for the New York Mets (where he 
allegedly received a controversial haircut during a game [1]) and Seattle 
Mariners, respectively, and moved on to the Tampa Bay Devil Rays for 2004. 
He became a Yankee for the second time in 2005. He spent most of his career 
occasionally starting, replacing injured players, and pinch hitting at 
shortstop, second base, and third base, although he consistently started 
at shortstop for the Royals and Braves, and consistently started at second 
base for the Red Sox. Other than this, he played any infield position off 
the bench. He had a career .271 batting average and only 15 home runs through 
15 years experience. He was often used for his ability to successfully 
