A right fielder, abbreviated RF, is the outfielder in baseball or softball 
who plays defense in right field. Right field is the area of the outfield 
to the right of a person standing at home plate and facing towards the 
pitcher's mound. In the numbering system used to record defensive plays, 
the right fielder is assigned the number 9. Outfielders must cover large 
distances, so speed, instincts and quickness to react to the ball are key. 
They must be able to catch fly balls above their head and on the run, as 
well as prevent balls hit down the right field foul line from getting past 
them. Being situated 250â€“300 feet from home plate, they must be able to 
throw the ball accurately over a long distance to be effective. Of all 
outfield positions, the right fielder often has the strongest arm, because 
they are the farthest from third base. The right fielder tends to be a 
stronger offensive player than defensive, as right-handed batters, which 
are more common than left-handed ones, tend to pull the ball to left field, 
especially in Little League. As well as the requirements above, the right 
fielder backs up first base on all throws from the catcher and pitcher, 
when possible, and all bunted balls, since the catcher or the first baseman 
must be available for fielding the ball. The right fielder backs up second 
base on any ball thrown from the left side of the field, i.e. shortstop, 
third base, or foul line territory. The right fielder backs up first base 
when the first baseman is in a run down between 3rd base and home. Right 
field has developed a reputation in Little League as being a position where 
less talented players can be "hidden" without damaging a team's defense 
in any significant way.[citation needed] Unlike the major league level, 
where hitters have the ability to drive the ball into the outfield in all 
directions, most little league batters are unable to hit the ball out of 
the infield with any regularity. Additionally, since most batters are right-handed, 
the left fielder (and to some extent the center fielder) will have far 
