The Year the Yankees Lost the Pennant is a 1954 novel by Douglass Wallop. 
It adapts the Faust theme to the world of American baseball in the 1950s. 
The novel's protagonist, mild-mannered, middle-aged Joe Boyd, is depicted 
as a lifelong fan of the hapless Washington Senators. As the novel begins, 
the Senators are losing ground in the American League to their longtime 
nemesis, the New York Yankees. The discouraged Boyd runs into an unexpected 
offer from a fast-talking confidence man, who introduces himself as "Mr. 
Applegate." "Applegate" offers to transform Joe Boyd into Joe Hardy, a 
young baseball superstar, and facilitate his signing with the Senators' 
front office so that Hardy can help salvage the Senators' lost season. 
Boyd, suspicious, negotiates with "Applegate" and extracts a promise that 
the transformation will only be temporary and, after helping the Senators 
win a suitable number of games, Hardy will be able to re-transfer himself 
back to his Joe Boyd personality. The transformation takes place, Hardy 
joins the Senators, and all begins to develop as "Applegate" had predicted. 
However, the new baseball superstar begins to realize that his deal with 
"Applegate" may not be so temporary and he may have let himself in for 
more than he had expected to get. As Hardy's doubts grow over his predicament, 
"Applegate" presents Hardy with love interest Lola, depicted as a glamorous 
temptress in the style of the 1950s. The novel was adapted into the 1955 
musical Damn Yankees. The musical's book was written by George Abbott and 
Douglass Wallop; its music and lyrics were written by Richard Adler and 
Jerry Ross. The musical starred Ray Walston as Applegate, Stephen Douglass 
as Joe Hardy and Gwen Verdon as Lola. The 1958 film adaptation featured 
Tab Hunter as Joe. Hunter was the sole actor who had not been in the stage 
play. Anthony Boucher dismissed the novel as "just another Pact-with-the-Devil 
