Player Coach Tracy Michael Woodson (born October 5, 1962) is a professional 
baseball player. He played all or part of five seasons in Major League 
Baseball, from 1987 to 1989 and 1992 to 1993, primarily as a third baseman. 
He currently coaches the Richmond Spiders baseball team. Woodson played 
college baseball for NC State from 1982 to 1984.[1] His teammates included 
Doug Davis, Dan Plesac, Doug Strange, and Jim Toman. Over his five-year 
major league career, he played with the Los Angeles Dodgers and the St. 
Louis Cardinals. Woodson was a member of the Los Angeles Dodgers team that 
won the 1988 World Series. Notably, against the Cincinnati Reds on September 
16 of that year, he struck out for the 27th and final out in Tom Browning's 
perfect game. Woodson pinch-hit for Dodgers right-hander Tim Belcher. His 
first career home-run came off of Hall of Fame pitcher Nolan Ryan. After 
his playing career was over, he managed for several years in minor league 
baseball. Prior to the start of 2007 season, he was named the head baseball 
coach at Valparaiso, where he coached for seven seasons (2007–13) and led 
the program to two NCAA Tournament appearances. Prior to the start of the 
2014 season, he left Valparaiso to become the head coach of Richmond.[2] 
He also works as a Division I men's college basketball referee.[3] The 
following is a table of Woodson's NCAA head coaching records.[4][5][6][7] 
      National champion         Postseason invitational champion         Conference 
regular season champion         Conference regular season and conference 
tournament champion       Division regular season champion       Division 
regular season and conference tournament champion       Conference tournament 
